hey what's up season see that's my name
is seating and welcome to the hot sauce
challenge and I hate hats us a lot I'll
have a lot of time to explain this but
every time I open the chest I have to
drink some hot sauce I'm really bad with
spicy things so this would be hilarious
is facecam going on and I am terrified
because like I said I hate hot things I
don't even like smelling this is Tabasco
so I don't think it's a hottest thing in
the world I shouldn't know it's not the
hottest thing but for me it's really hot
and it's also expired or best buy two
years ago in 2012 so I don't know if to
make it spicier or if it's gonna I don't
know what's gonna happen but oh I just
opened two chests aw crap
you know that hurts really bad oh my god
and I open it up oh my god I think this
stuff is bad
oh my god I don't know if this stuff is
good anymore but it hurts really bad
my tongue is burning oh wow oh my god
help me my eyes are watering already
ah oh I keep looking over at myself I
gotta stop doing that
oh my god guys this is terrible oh my
god okay so I wanted to go for 200 likes
on this so make sure you guys do drop a
like um
my eyes are rod okay this counts as one
chest I'm not even I know so double
chest but I'm not gonna play that game
right now because my mouth is on fire
and my lips OH
oh my god
it gets worse every time I can't any
better armor I'm dying I'm dying I'm
dying
alright there's nine people like tight
this game is gone so it's on my vest I
feel like I'm about to throw up right
now I have some chocolate milk next to
me so I'm gonna drink it after but right
now I can't because I guess that's kind
of a rule I didn't really mention mmm
alright this is a good way of getting
food even though I kind of have quite a
bit of food book yeah better home it ah
I I do have a teammate this game it is
shadow I don't know if he's still alive
alright that's good I don't want to open
another chest this stuff is so bad oh
I'll do it I'll do it
oh my god yes I got some pants but oh
man oh my god I'm it's so bad it doesn't
even like it's not even just spicy it's
it's terrible it tastes so bad this
stuff is oh oh that's why it expired in
2012 I hope I don't die if I get
sickness
I don't think it's actually spired it
just says it's the best by date oh my
god my tongue is on fire oh no I opened
another one I don't even I'm not even
thinking I need a chest plate I really
need a chest plate oh my god
all right I'm gonna try not to open any
more chests I don't know if I am though
I might have to if there's restock
I'll try find some people who haven't
found anybody yet we have no kills if
you can get enchanted that'll be
perfection if we could kill some people
then we won't have to actually open test
in order to get armor my tongue hurts so
bad oh come on okay this to fire here
just like my tongue this is literally my
tongue right here look at you see this
that's my tongue oh if I die I'll cry so
hard I need to get to deathmatch that's
my goal for this challenge alright
shadow just gotta kill nice shadows
going ham my I had an instant headache
already this is ridiculous it is and I'm
a lot of pain right now I am at the side
of the roof of my mouth I'm starting to
know I'm sorry in the loosest feeling my
tongue I thought I sound like I have a
lisp oh my god is all I see somebody
alright I see a couple people Oh shadows
here alright alright okay we got a we
got a place Mike what's he doing alright
they're fighting beam up grew cleaned up
I hit him actually instead but oh not
run into that no I'm not gonna do any
damage to me like I've got a horse are
you kidding me I never see horses on his
server I'm out of here
oh my god that's like a worst thing ever
okay if I let you store some fire come
at me come at me bro I don't know yeah
that's right
your horse is on fire it's gonna die now
get rekt you can eat while you run what
do you do oh my god what are you doing
buddy oh no no
no no Oh help me
no I don't want to die no shadow died oh
no no no okay so I haven't opened the
chest for a while so I'm at least good
there but my BOB I'm also hurts really
bad and I don't want to die shut up
freaking Tony I was fighting a horse and
you just come in like a wrecking ball
and then you just try to kill me oh
you're T me
are you sick son of a gun I wouldn't say
I was seen in this game I mean I know
shadows in here but that guy's oh my god
no oh we were so close to the death
match oh we were the one person away all
right well we did get killed by a team
oh we didn't make it to the deathmatch I
seriously can't do that again my mouth
is on fire
I'll do it one more time since I didn't
make it or two two more times all right
I'll do it for the vine Oh Frick my life
it's never had I usually make the death
match every time no it tastes so bad
this is is this expired
it's just uh it's not my shirt - yeah oh
it's all over my shirt what the Frick
man this is a new shirt I got this two
days ago Oh God
dang it I hope hot sauce doesn't stain
hey just two days ago
oh my god I need to drink this
if I say there's himself alright guys I
hope you enjoyed this challenge although
I I technically didn't make it to the
deathmatch I was one person away I got
team 9 don't get mad at me get mad with
the team model of my life those game
yeah but yeah guys hopefully you enjoyed
make sure you do drop a like and my
tongue I think I lost about four
thousand tastebuds in the roof of my
mouth is actually not there anymore so
that's always good
I'm probably gonna go dunk my head into
the Atlantic